[Railgun] Docs cleanup (#5905)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/railgun/user-guide/railgun-ca-certificates.md

This means that when enabling Full SSL (Strict) in the dashboard while Railgun is enabled, the listener will no longer consider the origin presenting the Origin CA certificate as trustworthy, resulting in a `520` error.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

This error condition will only occur if `validate.cert` is enabled (for example, set to `1`) from the `railgun.conf` file.

{{</Aside>}}

Here is an example of the error generated when `validate.cert = 1`, the origin uses an Origin CA leaf, and the Origin CA roots are not in the trust store for Railgun specified by `ca.bundle`:

```txt
rg-listener: [2a074d8b36f00000-ATL] www.example.com origin request failed 123.123.123.123:443 to %!!(MISSING)s(MISSING): x509: certificate signed by unknown authority
```

Here are the following options available to avoid these errors:

1.  Set `validate.cert = 0` in the `railgun.conf` file.
2.  Add to the trust store specified in the `ca.bundle` parameter in the `railgun.conf`. This can be done by simply adding these root certificates at the end of the file using a text editor.

> By default, `railgun.conf` defines the listener's trust store as (for Debian/Ubuntu) `ca.bundle = /etc/ssl/railgun-ca-certs.crt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `railgun.conf` defines the listener's trust store as `ca.bundle = /etc/ssl/railgun-ca-certs.crt` (for Debian/Ubuntu).
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> The listener will need to be restarted after making changes to the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to restart the listener after making changes to the configuration file.
```
